Allow for prefix/suffix to SSO GroupNames (#4902)
FlowFuse/flowfuse: docs/admin/sso/ldap.md

by a team owner. Doing so will break the link between the group and the team membership - so should only
be done with care.

> If group naming policy doesn't allow this exact format, a prefix and suffix can be applied and the length 
> of these additions can be added to the SSO configuration so they can be removed. e.g. with a prefix and 
> suffix length of 5 the following group name will work:
> 
> - `test_ff-development-owner_test`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional prefix and suffix can be include in the group name to support LDAP providers that have existing naming policies. The SSO configuration can be configured with the lengths of these values so they will be stripped off before the group name is validated.

For example, if an organisation requires all groups to begin with `acme-org-`, a prefix length of `9` can be set and the group `acme-org-ff-development-owner` will be handled as `ff-development-owner`.
```
